Farol	The lighthouse grants additional mobility to any ships you control.	
Bastião dos grifos	The Griffin Bastion increases Griffin production by 3 per week.	
Bastião dos grifos	The Griffin Bastion increases Royal Griffin production by 3 per week.	
Porto	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Estábulos	The Stables increase the land movement rate of any visiting hero.	
Irmandade da espada	During a siege, the Brotherhood of the Sword increases troop morale by +2.	
		
		
		
Colosso	The presence of the Colossus increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the morale of all your heroes by +2.	
Armazém	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Lagoa mística	The Mystic Pond produces a small random number of resources each week.	
Guilda dos mineiradores	The Miners' Guild increases Dwarf production by 4 per week.	
Guilda dos mineiradores	The Miners' Guild increases Battle Dwarf production by 4 per week.	
		
Fonte encantada	The Fountain of Fortune increases the luck of the garrison hero by +2 when defending against a siege.	
Tesouro dos anões	The Treasury earns you 10% interest on any gold you have at the start of each week.	
		
Mudas dendróides	The Dendroid Saplings increase Dendroid Guard production by 2 per week.	
Mudas dendróides	The Dendroid Saplings increase Dendroid Soldier production by 2 per week.	
Espírito guardião	The presence of the Spirit Guardian increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the luck of all your heroes by +2.	
Armazém	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 crystal each day.	
Mercado de artefatos	For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants.	
Asas do escultor	The Sculptor's Wings increase Stone Gargoyle production by 4 per week.	
Asas do escultor	The Sculptor's Wings increase Obsidian Gargoyle production by 4 per week.	
		
Torre de observação	The lookout tower extends the visible distance around your city.	
Biblioteca	The library provides your mage guild with additional spells.	
Muro do conhecimento	The Wall of Knowledge increases the Knowledge skill of any visiting hero by +1.	
		
		
Balão	The presence of the Skyship increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, reveals the entire world map, and increases the knowledge of any defending hero by +15 (these spell points do not follow a hero who leaves the town).	
Armazém	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 gems each day.	
		
Piscinas de nascimento	The Birthing Pools increase Imp production by 8 per week.	
Piscinas de nascimento	The Birthing Pools increase Familiar production by 8 per week.	
		
Nuvens de enxofre	The Brimstone Stormclouds boost a garrison hero's power by +2 during any siege defense.	
Portão do inferno	Allows travel between Inferno towns containing Castle Gates. Destination town must be unoccupied.	
Ordem do fogo	The Order of Fire increases the Power skill of any visiting hero by +1.	
Gaiolas	The Cages increase Hell Hound production by 3 per week.	
Gaiolas	The Cages increase Cerberus production by 3 per week.	
Divindade de fogo	The presence of the Deity of Fire increases weekly creature generation by 50% and provides your empire with an additional 5000 gold each day.  Every week hereafter will be a Week of the Imp.	
Armazém	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 mercury each day.	
Cobertura de escuridão	The Cover of Darkness covers your city with a permanent shroud to all other players.	
Covas abertas	The Unearthed Graves increase Skeleton production by 6 per week.	
Covas abertas	The Unearthed Graves increase Skeleton Warrior production by 6 per week.	
Porto	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Amplificador de necromancia	The Necromancy Amplifier increases the Necromancy skill of all heroes you control (with the Necromancy skill) by 5%.	
Transformador de esqueletos	The Skeleton Transformer allows you to convert any creature into a skeleton.	
		
		
		
Prisão de almas	The presence of the Soul Prison increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your empire with an additional 5000 gold each day, and boosts the Necromancy skill of all your heroes (who possess the skill) by 20%.	
Armazém	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Mercado de artefatos	For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants.	
Anéis de cogumelos	The Mushroom Rings increase Troglodyte production by 7 per week.	
Anéis de cogumelos	The Mushroom Rings increase Infernal Troglodyte production by 7 per week.	
		
Vórtice de magia	The Mana Vortex temporarily doubles spell points for any garrison or visiting hero.	
Portal de invocação	With the Portal of Summoning, you can recruit additional creatures from an externally flagged dwelling.	
Academia de batalha	The Academy of Battle Scholars teaches new skills to any hero (+1000 experience) once.	
		
		
Guardião da terra	The presence of the Guardian of Earth increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your empire with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the Power of a garrison hero by +12 when defending against a siege.	
Armazém	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 sulfur each day.	
Túnel de fuga	The Escape Tunnel allows a garrison hero to flee from defending against a siege.	
Refeitório	The Mess Hall increases Goblin production by 8 per week.	
Refeitório	The Mess Hall increases Hobgoblin production by 8 per week.	
		
Mercado de escravos	The Freelancer's Guild allows you to trade creatures for resources.	
Campo de balista	This Blacksmith upgrade provides your armies with ballistas.	
Salão de Valhalla	The Hall of Valhalla increases the Attack skill of any visiting hero by +1.	
		
		
Monumento de guerra	The presence of the Warlords' Monument increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the Attack strength of a garrison hero by +20 when defending against a siege.	
Armazém	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Gaiola dos guerreiros	The Cage of Warlords increases the Defense strength of any visiting hero by +1.	
Alojamento do capitão	The Captain's Quarters increase Gnoll production by 6 per week.	
Alojamento do capitão	The Captain's Quarters increase Gnoll Marauder production by 6 per week.	
Porto	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Símbolos do medo	The Glyphs of Fear add +2 to a garrison hero's attack skill when defending against a siege.	
Obelisco de sangue	The presence of a Blood Obelisk adds +2 to a garrison hero's defense skill when defending against a siege.	
		
		
		
Planta carnívora	The presence of the Carnivorous Plant increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the Attack and Defense strength of a garrison hero by +10 each when defending against a siege.	
Armazém	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Mercado de artefatos	For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants.	
Jardim da vida	The Garden of Life increases weekly production of Pixies by 10 per week.	
Jardim da vida	The Garden of Life increases weekly production of Sprites 10 per week.	
Porto	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Universidade mágica	At the Magic University, you can pay to learn any, or all, of the four schools of magic.	
		
		
		
		
Aurora Boreal	The presence of Aurora Borealis increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day and fills the town Mage Guild with all unbanned spells up to current Mage Guild level.	
Armazém	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional 1 Mercury each day.	
Mercado de artefatos	For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants.	
Level 1 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 1 Creatures.	
Level 2 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 2 Creatures.	
Porto	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
		
		
Level 3 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 3 Creatures.	
Level 4 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 4 Creatures.	
Level 5 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 5 Creatures.	
Graal	The presence of the Grail increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and provides an additional bonus unique to each town type.	
Armazém	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional resource ore each day.	
